docs(Upgrade guide): Add info about v-expansion-panel (#16836)
vuetifyjs/vuetify: packages/docs/src/pages/en/getting-started/upgrade-guide.md

### v-snackbar

- `action` slot was renamed to `actions`

### v-expansion-panel

> - `v-expansion-panel-header` has been renamed to `v-expansion-panel-title` and `v-expansion-panel-content` into `v-expansion-panel-text` also you can use new props in `v-expansion-panel` `text` and `title`.

Reviewer: Separate bullet points:
```suggestion
- `v-expansion-panel-header` has been renamed to `v-expansion-panel-title`.
- `v-expansion-panel-content` has been renamed to `v-expansion-panel-text`.
- `v-expansion-panel` now has `text` and `title` props that can be used instead of subcomponents.
```
